\# Bike Sharing Assessment

\## Table of Contents \* \[Problem Statement\](#Problem-Statement) \*
\[Steps for Model Building\](#Steps-for-Model-Building) \*
\[Technologies Used\](#technologies-used)

\## Problem Statement

BoomBikes, a US bike-sharing provider, has experienced a significant
revenue decline due to the COVID-19 pandemic. To prepare for
post-pandemic demand, the company wants to identify key factors
influencing bike-sharing demand. They aim to understand which variables
significantly predict demand and how well these variables describe it,
using a large dataset of daily bike rentals. This insight will help
BoomBikes craft a strategic business plan to stand out in the market and
maximize profits once normalcy returns.

##Business Goal: You are required to model the demand for shared bikes
with the available independent variables. It will be used by the
management to understand how exactly the demands vary with different
features. They can accordingly manipulate the business strategy to meet
the demand levels and meet the customer\'s expectations. Further, the
model will be a good way for management to understand the demand
dynamics of a new market.

\## Steps for Model Building 1.Reading and Understanding Data
2.Visualising the Data 3.Data Preparation 4.Splitting the Data into
Training and Testing Sets 5.Feature Scaling 6.Building the Model
7.Residual Analysis of the train data 8.Making predictions using final
model 9.Model Evaluation

\## Acknowledgements

This project was created as a case study for IITB Machine Learning and
AI program.

\## Contact

Created by \[@rutujaj289\](#@rutujaj289) - feel free to contact me!
